EVENT IDEAS 

	INDUSTRIAL ESPIONAGE 

		COMPUTING TREE


		MATERIAL TREE


		HEALTHCARE - only fires at neutral relations or above, or if a native species is shared

			OPENER: Your agents in the field have become sick with coronavirus

				A. Send your agents to be treated at a local hospital
				B. Recall your agents 

			ENDING

				A CRIT SUCCESS (0.5) Agents return home with knowledge of advanced medical technology 
					Requires Genome Mapping
					Begins Genome mapping/ Genetic Healthcare/ Cyto-Revitalisation with 50% progress

				A SUCCESS (0.25) Agents are able to complete their mission and return home. They also learn something of alien medical technology.
					100% Normal research point reward 
					100% Biology research points reward

				A FAIL (0.25) Agents pass away in hospital. Their knowledge is lost.
					No rewards from industrial espionage

				B SUCCESS 
				Your agents return home what information they were able to gather before they were recalled
					50-100% of normal research point reward
				B FAIL 
				Your agents have died in the field 
					No rewards from industrial espionage


	ORGANISED CRIME

		AN AMBITIOUS OFFICIAL- no restrictions 

			OPENER: A lesser knwon [ownrace] politician has traced credits laundered on [targetplanet] to our Empire through our [network]. They have threatened to expose our involvement unless we support their campaign for office. 

				A: Agree to their terms (influence cost)
				B: Let's see if we can come to an agreement... (credit cost)
				C: Ignore their demands.
				D: Silence them! (begin assasination chain)

			ENDING: 
				A or B:
					Support organised crime resumes

				C: The galactic community is displeased by your involvement in criminal activity
					Minor Penalty to diplomatic reputation

				D Success (0.5) The politician and their evidence has been destroyed. [network] on [targetplanet] are able to continue their work. 
					Enorgy creddit boni 0.05

				D Fail (0.5) The politician is dead. Sadly, he made arrangements. The diplomatic community will be made aware of your recent criminal activity.
					Moderate penalty to diplomatic reputation



	FOREIGN PROPAGANDA
	SOW UNREST







				